Local Hands-On Contest

OVERVIEW

    In this folder is a pickle file called datafile.pickle.
    It contains a dictionary that should be read into your program under the
    name "people".

    You can either write this program as a GUI or console-based.

    The contest rubric is on the board, but is summarized here:

        "runabilty" - does it run?  20 points possible
        "Usability" - can it be used easily?  10 points possible
        "Readability" - can your source code be easily read?  10 points possible

        extra items that work 100%  5 points per item.
        
    You can ask for clarification of the criteria, but I will NOT answer
    questions along the lines of "Is this right?"

PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

    This program is for Big Brother Inc., and is a prototype for their database of
    evrybody. They want to make sure of basic functionality before going on. If your
    prototype is chosen, they have agreed to leave you out of the database...
    
    The dictionary is keyed by social security number, stored as a string. The
    definition part right now consists of first and last names along with the person's
    birth year.
    
    Users should be presented with the following options:
        Print All Records
        Look Up Person by SSN
        Add New Person
        Quit
        
    Print All Records:
        When the user chooses this option (how is up to you), all records will be printed
        to the console in this format:
        
            SSN: ###-##-####
            Name: Last, First
            Birth Year: ####
            -------------------
            
    Look Up Person by SSN:
        This option will asj the user for an SSN, and will then search the dictionary for
        a matvh, if it finds one, print the record using the format above. If not, print
        a suitable error message
        
    Add New Person:
        This option will have the program ask the user for a new SSN. As long as that number
        isn't already in the dictionary, it will then ask for first and last names, and a
        birth year. The new entry will then be added. If the number DOES exist, print a
        suitable error message instead.
        
    Quit:
        No surpride here, this makes the program exit properly, making sure any changes to
        the dictionary are preserved. (i.e. SAVED)
    
    It should go without saying that after an option is conmpleted, the user reutrns back
    to the menu of options (except for Quit, that would be silly).
    
EXTRA ITEMS

    These items cab be added if you have time. Each one that works 100% will add 5 points to
    your score. Be aware this is all-or-nothing. so it is either 5 or 0. However, attemping
    them will not decrease your score in any way, so it is worth trying them if time permits.
    
    Print all Items sorted by SSN:
        The program doesn't require any particular order, but doing it by SSN makes it look nice
        
    Edit a record:
        similar to adding one, this option would allow you instead to enter new information for an 
        EXISTING record, and produce an error if the number DOESN'T exist.
        
    Delete a record:
        After asking for an SSN, the program will remove that record.
        
    Look up based on Last Name:
        This option would ask for a last name, and search the dictionary entries to see if any definitions
        conatin the given name. If so, it will print ALL matches. If not, it will print a suitable
        error meaasge.
        
GOOD LUCK!
    